hey what's going on guys so i asked you
guys to ask me a bunch of questions on
my Instagram page and you guys delivered
that so I'm going to go through a
handful of them and answer them for you
in this video so let's get started we
have 178 comments I'm going through so
I'm just going to scroll through them
which everyone seems interesting enough
that catches my attention i'm just gonna
answer it so alright so first question I
was asked on here was my opinion on
scooters and then after that says and
other action sports that most skaters
hate so for my opinion on them it's not
the fact that its people people who ride
scooters it's mostly those little kids
at skate parks to Iran scooters that
always get away in there it's not their
fault they're not educated about how
people go informations at certain escape
parts that you get a tune that goes for
all whatever little kids that are out of
skipper there's some little kids on
skateboards I don't know what their
didn't do and they there's plenty of
videos of people running into them on
the internet so I don't hate them but
they do get in the way I so on here is
from Jason underscore skateboard says
what would I be doing if I were not
scheduling honestly I have no idea what
I would be doing because life takes down
minus your test in fact like I wouldn't
been able to meet Andy or anyone like
that for her life group I didn't
skateboard I would've been doing a
YouTube channel oh yeah I don't know hey
pony has got me a lot of friends and a
lot of good memories Thank You
skateboarding oh the next question is
from Logan owners for debo and he asks
if you had to choose sponsorship from
either boy or buffalo wild wings which
would I choose and I probably go with
Foley I mean I like buffalo wild wings
and Foley a lot but sometimes but
bottling this doesnt sit my stomach that
well so that's a glitch bullet pineapple
or coca flat apple hands down so Chadli
underscore huish wants to know how close
the friends i am with max Mayberry it's
a Pollock question but I mean I'd say
we're friends I'm gonna skated with him
a handful Thompson Cincinnati I've gone
triple in the Philly so that's a pretty
good friends so boss % I don't know how
to say it once know if I can't rape up
with those shoes on so
I can try see how it goes Oh still did
it oh sure one more hope is here want to
film it no shoes on ahhh so scared
commit to it I think that was it stop
rap God 43 and wants to know when did I
turn pro for revive and shout out to the
flow I'm not prefer revive I'm not
honored well I'm on reviving I'm Robin
official team while I'm actually on the
flow team so shout-out to me so max
underscore maybe wants to know he says
hey Casey what goals do you have for
this year channelized peace so really
once I move in with Sam and once this
horrible horrible winter weather stops I
want to start filming a lot more
frequently and maybe to the point where
this summer i could probably upload
channels or upload videos every single
day so i can get there that'd be awesome
and then a subscriber goal which doesn't
matter size of these videos no matter
what how many subscribers i had but is
to get to at least 20,000 before the end
of the year I think that'd be pretty
cool alright so Caleb w baker wants to
know when you fight with the same when
he moves in and have I ever tried to
alpha flip or beta foot by the way your
videos are comedy and I'm zytle thanks
Caleb about fighting with Sam I don't
think I'm gonna fight with Sam at all I
mean and I get along pretty great and we
have a lot of future plans just chillin
making videos together and just having a
good time so it's gonna be fine and have
I ever tried an alpha or beta flip I may
have tried an alpha flip I honestly
don't know what either of those things
are so a handful people want to know
when did I start skating / how did I get
into skating so I started skating I
remember getting a Hot Wheels board when
I was like in fifth grade but I didn't
get a like a professional skateboarding
tell us about sixth grade but even then
I didn't even learn how to ollie into
like seventh grade so whatever those
years of how old I would be at that time
is when i started at 10 I started
skating and how did I get into skating
was some kid in my neighborhood that was
a teenager when I was a little kid had
the skateboard and I just wanted to get
one so I started getting one and I
checked out hey I remember checking out
a book at a library of how to kickflip
and I don't know if it taught me
anything but yeah so I would just
practice lunch outside my house smells
little so Jacob had so 10 knots know if
I'll ever come to a failure first Gator
I would love to go to I'll show there
for his gay trip I'd look good all she
like for anything it looks fun but
definitely for skating I just don't have
any money to do that type of stuff right
now so yeah one day alright so that was
it for this Q&A I know I didn't answer
as many as the 176 our home Instagram
page but a lot of them were repeats and
a lot of them stuck out to me more than
others so I hope you guys enjoyed this I
think I'm going to be giving away a
something soon for my channel when i get
to 50,000 sub so be on the lookout for
that video in the future again hope you
guys enjoyed this so yeah I'll see you
later popo gonna sign off you got peanut
butter and well I think every video that
I have him in he's playing Majora's
Patsy looking for the past like half a
year he's been playing this K he's
almost done almost kill beat it in the
future video so bye
Wow